wanna know what's heating up in theaters
this weekend we are only talking and
that is it
take him off we go to Johnson and Jamie
Jordan returned to steam up the screen
in the sequel fifty shades darker you
can't stand there gawking yeah another
guy anymore
legendary hit man John wick is back
taking on some of the world's most
deadly killer in John wick chapter 2 Oh
football I am fighting a few different
people I like to fight around Batman
needs the help of new friends to save
Gotham in the Lego Batman touch oh nice
let's go to feast the Joker's well see
what's hot in theaters with this week's
anticipation
[Music]
so what's your weekend tickets going to
be let us know by commenting see you
next time on weekend ticket
[Music]
you